So we're almost done
but the delete button isn't entirely working as expected.
It's updating the list but we're staying on the page of the deleted recipe. So to change this, we need
to go to the recipe detail component which again is where the delete recipe button lives and in
onDeleteRecipe, we simply need to navigate away.
We already get the router injected here, so we can simply call this router navigate
and now I simply want to navigate to /recipes here
and with that, we should have the right user experience that once this updates here, that
if I click delete here, it is deleted and we are taken back to the main view.
So let's try this a final time here with spaghetti, searching for a fitting image for spaghetti,
let's pick this one here
and let's insert it here
and let's finally enter a description, tasty spaghetti.
Let's hit add ingredient to add some spaghetti, 10 let's say and let's save the form
and this all works
but one thing is not working,
do you see which? The image, we're not getting a preview of the image here.
So let's fix this in the next lecture before we finally move on.